The secret treasure left by the Daoist has a trace of being opened.
How is that possible?
The secret treasure is the Daoist Martial Soul's.
The Daoist Martial Soul is here.
Oh, I see.
So the legendary Heavenly Sword is right here.
How dare you!
How dare you break into the Heaven's center!
Oh?
I can deal with him myself.
You don't need to fight anymore.
You're so arrogant.
Then,
you're ready to
take the punishment of the Heavenly Dao, right?
I was thinking...
I didn't expect you to have the opportunity to eat a protocol...
As a bird of prey,
I don't have a lot to lose.
But...
I know the ideals in the sky.
Why the
hola
Hit the板
tempting
the
fact
bound
They deserve the credit...
Their turn then...?
I'm not going to let you go.
Now the entire space of the heavens
must listen to my command.
It's you.
What on earth are you doing?
Fu Chou
The King of the City the King of the City the King of the City Who is this
Who is this?
This is the latest tracking report.
Recently, the Linleng Baodao account has been missing for several days.
At the same time, many high-level experts in the field of cultivation...
Thank you, I am a student.
The Seven Stars Team has been working with the First Cultivator of the Human Realm to investigate the case.
The case is being investigated.
Friends of the Sea of Song,
I am the First Cultivator of the Human Realm, Bai Cheng.
Recently, two of the Ten Thousand Year-Old Sinners escaped from the Ghost House.
They are the king of the spirit of food and the king of the demon of the soldier.
These two fugitives are extremely dangerous.
They are impossible to harm.
Today, the cultivation world has entered the highest level of combat.
They will attack the fugitives all over the world.
They will capture them and return them to the dark side.
They will gain one billion spirit of food.
I'm going to kill you.
Hey, you're a informant.
What is the First Cultivator of the Human Realm talking about?
Yeah.
Senior Brother Wang is only 19 years old.
How could he be a foreign age?
Wang Liang, don't worry.
All the brothers believe you're innocent.
Is this the MIDI go Sponge
Si Rong.
Senior Brother Wang.
Why did you betray me?
Senior Brother Wang,
just die!
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him!
What's going on?
He's been shot.
Kill him!
Damn it!
He hesitated.
He should have been the one who broke the king's leg.
One billion!
He has one billion of spiritual power!
The first hero of the world
Xu Yi
So
While you guys are busy,
ärnshlamp you go out to the side.
You guys, why are you controls me?
I'm just a dog.
Mr Zhou Iaf the have fallen into isolation The suspect parents were also arrested by the the market They are all the victims of the assault There is a possibility of cover Do you have anything to say
No.
Don't hit him. Don't hit him.
Continue the interrogation.
Yes.
The most important thing is to capture this demon child and return him to the case.
The truth is,
the demon king is the one who killed the demon king.
It's just a baby.
Mr. Zhu, you don't have to
be so awkward.
You don't understand.
This little devil
is actually very dangerous.
Little girl,
don't act rashly.
We won't hurt you.
No.
Oh, it's just a bubble.
Wait for me!
Everyone, let's go!
Catch him!
Yes!
I'm going to kill you!
You two are here!
I'll give you a hundred billion!
I'll be mad if I catch Wang Ling!
What if Wang Ling runs away again?
Don't worry.
I asked my grandpa to rush here
and open the protection barrier of the paradise.
Come on, let's go.
Senior Heng, you never wå Scroll of the Risk Jewish.
Oh, shoot.
Morning Umbrella S strand 13
Get up.
Senior Brother, don't run!
Xiong Rong.
The times we spent together.
The lanterns we lit together.
The meteor shower we watched together.
The difficulties we went through together.
The difficulties we've been through together,
the battles we've been through together,
the promises we made,
have you forgotten them all?
Sirong!
I'm sorry.
No matter how the time goes,
take me with you.
How did the time go back?
Take me to your side.
Are you awake?
Senior Brother...
I'm sorry.
What did I do just now?
This is not your fault.
Bai Zhe has altered the memories of the entire human world.
Yes.
Then what can you do with me?
I have already been born into the Heavenly Realm.
Could it be that you can still come to the Heavenly Realm to help me?
Heavenly Realm?
Senior Brother Wang, you go.
Hurry and save Senior Brother.
I'll block you from here!
Sister Sun, I'll hold on.
Sister Sun, have you also been betrayed by the human world?
This time, I won't be merciless again!
Where is the good thing about the net order?
Why do you have to fight against everyone for it?
Did you do all this?
It's time to settle the score.
Epilogue
Wang Lian, what are you doing?
Give me the 뿍
The entrance of Heavenly futurerir synth okay
Why?
The Heavenly Rope...
My closet will open and you can use it.
What are you kidding?
I've been here for thousands of years to come here.
But, it doesn't matter.
Now that I've absorbed the Seven Great Heavenly Ropes,
I'm invincible!
You're saying it's meaningless?
I'm here.
Nuannuan, do you want to fight with me?
No.
Are you ready to fight the anger of the former king?
My lovely little sister
Please don't be afraid, I'm here
I have the gentleness to protect you
Give you unlimited freedom
I will do everything for you
It's like a moment of silence
Life is full of legends
Let every star play for you with love
Let you understand
You are the first one in my heart
Let you rely on me
You are the happiest baby
When you are careful
I will give you comfort
The taste of the ordinary time
The dark starry sky shines for you
Like a big river
Let you no longer be alone
The starlight ignites the light for you
Shining the most brilliant fantasy
The universe is in a panic
I will keep you by my side
The stars are twinkling
I help you to get back
I am in your heart
The one and only picture
It's all about you
The vast galaxy is shining for you
The great galaxy
When you are no longer lonely
The starlight is lit for you
The greatest glory of the shining
Universe's phoenix
I will keep you by my side